is my 1980 cj5 it's in pretty good shape
but have any rust or anything just got
done putting a small-block Chevy in it
that I rebuilt myself and see the header
sticking out there there we go
carbureted came out of a Chevy truck
that's this iron duke radiator I'm
waiting on the other one to get here
it'll keep it cool about 20 minutes I've
got a 75 amp one wire alternator
Edelbrock carburetor stock hei that's
pretty well stock other than the headers
and it's got a small cam in it nothing
major just with it's what they call the
RV camp but I got about a hundred miles
on it now just to tooling around town
and stuff so here she is
pretty healthy old girl
we got manual choke conversion done on
it
for like a kitten first time we build a
motor for me